WHEN A PERSON IS CONSUMED
BY THE DESIRE FOR REVENGE,
THEY BECOME A DEMON.
What was that?
- Say that again.
- Well...
"Do you realize how much we've been
looking after you all this time?"
That's what I told the president
of the dockworkers' union.
Out of nowhere, he said,
"We can't take orders from you anymore."
I said, "What the hell is your deal?"
And then?
Then he said,
"Keep ordering us around the port area,
and the entire city will..."
"The city's people, its institutions,
and even its history will turn on you."
Shinjo City's
"institutions"?
Yes, and its "people" and "history."
They'll "turn on us"?
Yes.
What does that mean?
Honestly, I'm not quite sure.
- Kneel.
- Yes, sir.
Why the hell did he suddenly adopt
such a disrespectful tone?
Well?
What happened?
I... don't know.
Do your fucking job!
What the...
Let's move.
- Moving out!
- Okay!
The second floor!
What the hell?
- Move!
- This way, boss! Hurry!
Drive.
I said drive!
Shit.
- What's going on?
- Let's move.
This way.
No!
Wait.
Wait. Please.
Well done.
Hey, Sakata.
You're walking away from this?
Should've never let you have a family.
It was a blast.
Daddy!
I'm home!
Oh no. You're soaking wet!
Ryo, you'll get wet too.
Come on, stop it!
People usually use umbrellas.
Come here.
- Go shower.
- Okay.
But wait a sec.
Hey, Ryo,
did you get taller?
Well, I guess so.
You guess so? Wanna check later?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
There we go. Right this way, please.
Okay, let's finish up while we wait.
Maybe I'll look for a new job tomorrow.
Let's celebrate, darling.
Yeah.
Okay.
No!
Daddy.
Welcome home.
To think a badass hit man like you
would have such a lovely family.
Who are you?
We'll be running things in town
from now on.
The yakuza group that controlled
the port area was a thorn in our side.
You did us a solid by eliminating them.
Word is, you're quitting the business
for the sake of your family.
Get off me, asshole!
Doesn't this contradict
the whole suicide script?
Some injuries won't be an issue.
I'll handle it.
Okay. Proceed.
Don't hurt my daddy!
Ryo!
Please let Ryo go.
I'm begging you!
Please!
- Shut the fuck up, Mom.
- Please! Plea--
Mommy?
Please.
Don't.
I'm begging you.
Daddy.
Ryo, run!
Sakata.
They say there's a demon here in Shinjo.
Word is, it possesses someone
once every 50 years,
and they go on a killing spree.
We must protect this city from that demon.
Please understand, Sakata.
I'm gonna kill you.
One day, I swear...
I'll kill all of you.
Is that so?
I'll be waiting.
Last night, around 11:00 p.m.,
a shooting occurred
at a Shinjo City residence.
The suspect was identified
as Shuhei Sakata.
He is believed to have shot his wife, Aoi,
and their five-year-old daughter, Ryo,
before shooting himself in the head.
Neighbors contacted local authorities
after hearing several gunshot-like sounds.
12 YEARS LATER
I'll call you later
and tell you everything.
I'll transfer the money once I get it.
I have to go.
I'll call again. Okay, bye.
Come on. Let's go.
Until about a decade ago,
Shinjo City was just a provincial city
struggling economically
and unable to halt its population decline.
Mayor Sunohara, what is your take
on the changes since then?
Shinjo City now stands
at a historical juncture.
This didn't come about
by chance, of course.
It was achieved
through the hard work, perseverance,
and courage of its citizens
over the past decade-plus.
Nevertheless, it all started
after you, Mayor Sunohara,
assumed office in Shinjo City.
That's how I see it.
That's an exaggeration.
And now, we're expecting tourists
from all over Japan and the world over
to gather here in Shinjo City, correct?
Yes, that's right.
Esteemed members of the press,
we are just six months from opening
the integrated resort, Mahoroba.
Theaters, retail floors, restaurants,
as well as a hotel
and international conference facilities.
Plus, Japan's first full-fledged casino.
It's a one-stop paradise
that enriches every aspect of our lives.
That is Mahoroba.
Any further questions?
Please, go ahead.
I'm Kamiyama, a journalist.
Shinjo City has seen a 15% increase
in missing persons in the past few years.
The leader of the group opposing
Mahoroba's construction vanished,
and the issue of redevelopment
displacing residents was swept under--
Excuse me.
Please keep your questions brief.
My apologies.
You highlighted Shinjo City's
transformation into a better place,
but what about the high rate
of inexplicable happenings?
Care to comment, Mr. Mayor?
You mentioned an increase
in missing persons
and the leader
of the opposition vanishing.
But are those facts?
Have the police ever made such statements?
- Based on my investigation--
- Mr. Kamiyama.
Let's keep this fact-based. Facts only.
If you're out to smear
this city's reputation,
I kindly ask that you reconsider.
But this--
You know very well
the consequences of defamation.
Okay, next, please.
SHINJO INDUSTRIAL COMPLEX
This city changed quite a bit
in just a decade or so, huh?
Sorry for the shabby place.
Please bear with it
till we find somewhere safe.
Look after him.
Yes, sir.
Okay.
Time to eat, Mr. Sakata.
Here you go.
- Take him on walks once in a while.
- Yes, sir.
I'll leave him to you.
Sakata!
You remember this arm, don't you?!
He can't understand you.
He can't feel a thing! Don't!
Sakat--
Damn you!
So they're called the Kimen-gumi?
Yeah. But I've never seen them myself.
So it was 12 years ago.
Your yakuza gang, the Kono-gumi,
controlled the port
till the Kimen-gumi wiped you guys out.
Ever since, they've staked their claim
in and around the port area,
including Mahoroba.
Is that correct, Mr. Kaneko?
Yeah, that's right.
A lone hit man
hired by the Kimen-gumi attacked us.
So, the attack by the hit man
occurred 12 years ago,
right when Mahoroba
was granted its business license.
Above all, that was around the time
Sunohara became mayor.
The Kimen-gumi was able
to expand its power
through drug dealing
and human trafficking.
"Human trafficking"?
Shinjo City seemed prosperous
over the past decade
because the funds
from the Kimen-gumi's crimes...
Huh?
Hey...
What the hell?!
Shit!
Please. I still have a little one.
I'll keep my mouth shut
and skip town first thing tomorrow.
I mean it. I swear!
Come now.
You have a family, right?
Place your finger here.
Okay, I'll take care of the rest here.
What the...
Holy hell!
Sakata has a family.
He's walking away from this life,
so please leave him be.
You promised not to kill him!
What is it?
What?
Chief! I didn't expect you here.
What have we got?
Given the neighborhood, a drunken brawler?
Yeah, but he was just released
from a prison hospital the other day,
so there's a chance
he got mixed up in something.
And here we are, called in to handle it.
I see.
Thanks for working late,
but that's enough.
Here, go get shitfaced.
Okay, we'll take you up on that.
- Shall we?
- Yeah.
- Thanks.
- Thank you, sir.
- Sure.
- Where to?
- Someplace cheap.
Been a while, Sakata.
Remember me?
It's a pity you ended up like this.
That night,
when we realized you weren't dead,
our master ordered us
to let you live for some reason.
But truth be told...
we should've finished you off.
Twelve years...
To think 12 years have gone by.
Have you seen it?
The changes in Shinjo City.
The progress!
Well?
That nearly-dead city
has come this far, Sakata!
Oh, right.
Let me take a picture.
I gotta capture the moment of your death.
Some resisted the changes.
Of course, I understand how they feel.
But what really matters
is having the courage
to overcome fleeting pain and grief!
What the hell?
- What are you doing?!
- Wait!
Oh, my apologies, sir.
Are you hurt?
I'm fine. No problem at all.
What happened?
Sakata suddenly went berserk.
Sorry, but could you put him back in bed?
Yes, sir.
Do you know him, sir?
Why do you ask?
Well, it's just...
Let's just say... it's complicated.
Let's do this.
I'll get his legs.
Okay, ready...
- Okay, lifting.
- Here goes...
Huh?
Leave the rest to me.
We'll say Sakata grabbed his gun
and went berserk.
Thanks.
So, what in the world...
Well...
Goddammit.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Stop!
Damn you!
Please step back.
No way.
- Daddy.
- Please just let Ryo go.
I'm begging you!
- Drive.
- Yes, sir.
- Batteries.
- Right.
- They go here.
- Yes, sir.
Don't miss any.
See? You missed that.
Got it.
Mr. Shinozuka was killed.
What?
At the hospital, by Shuhei Sakata.
Sakata? You mean...
Yes, that Sakata.
He was recently released
but then hospitalized
after a Kono-gumi member stabbed him.
It seems Mr. Shinozuka was killed
when he paid him a visit.
How's the master?
Well...
The master is rather thrilled.
Where are you?
The port. We're shipping them out.
Is that right?
But the question is
how he suddenly started moving
after being in a coma for 12 years.
Where is Sakata now?
As a matter of fact...
he's with Fujita as we speak.
FROM: UNKNOWN
TO: AKIRA FUJITA
KILL HIM AND BRING ME HIS BODY
Shuhei Sakata.
That demon is on the move
here in Shinjo City.
Well...
we have a demon to slay.
The will of
The fierce gods
Is like the parting
Of the eight-fold clouds
That are in heaven
SHINJO CLEANING SYSTEM
Okay, it's Sakata.
Good. Get rid of him.
Let's go.
Drive. Now.
Yes. Sorry.
- Don't make that face.
- Yes, sir.
What's his problem?!
Fujita, you traitor!
Yeah?
Son of a bitch!
Yes?
That's not like you
to use brute force, Ikkaku.
Did you see that?
I apologize.
I made you sacrifice your plant.
No worries.
I planted a bomb in case of emergencies.
I'm glad it did its job.
Yes. Thank you.
No trouble at all,
Master.
Huh?
What is it?
What's this?!
Excuse me a moment.
Well done.
Sakata.
I'm sorry about...
your wife... and daughter.
I'm the one who told them.
I also deserve to die.
Do what you want with me.
Sakata,
you can't see the forest for the trees.
You only focus
on a tiny sliver of the world.
I feel sorry for you.
As for us,
our gaze is fixed
on the distant future of this city
and the entire nation.
What we must do and sacrifice--
Hit me as many times as you want!
All right, Sakata?!
I pledged my loyalty to our master
and swore I'd devote
my body and soul to a better world.
Do you understand
what that means, Sakata?!
MASTER
That's who you'll want to meet
most of all.
Is that you, Sakata?
I've been waiting.
Master, I didn't tell him anything.
Please rest assured, I never--
I know.
Thanks.
Sakata,
enough of this senseless slaughter.
- I need Takemoto, the guy you have there.
- No, don't!
Hey, hey, hey.
Keep this up, and you'll kill
every last person in Shinjo.
The people of this city survive
thanks to the money we earn.
This world is a little more complicated
than you think.
By the way, Sakata...
your daughter...
is still alive.
She's living the ordinary but happy life
of a high school student.
However...
if you continue this petty vendetta,
imagine what we'll do
to your precious daughter.
Ponder that with your tiny pea brain,
Sakata.
Daddy!
Now, release me,
or else your precious daughter will be...
Ryo.
Shinjo City was struck
by a series of terror attacks last night
ahead of the preparations
for next year's opening
of the integrated resort Mahoroba.
Around 7:00 p.m. yesterday,
a doctor and three police officers
were murdered
at Shinjo City General Hospital.
Then the Shinjo Cleaning System
disposal plant was destroyed by a bomb.
The suspect, Shuhei Sakata,
has been confirmed dead
after being caught in the blast.
The police are looking into
the suspect's motives
and how the crime transpired.
The people of this city
no doubt had a very uneasy night.
Working with police,
we have already started analyzing
the suspect's actions
leading up to last night.
Shinjo City is on the brink
of difficult challenges
unlike anything before.
- Morning.
I see this as a sign that this city
is facing some major changes...
- Things are getting out of hand.
- Yeah.
I'll strive to overcome such difficulties...
Crap!
- Practice?
- Yeah.
You didn't come home last night, did you?
I put last night's leftovers
in the fridge.
- Go for it if you get hungry.
- Thanks.
INCOMING CALL
MASTER
- Can you do the dishes?
- Sure.
Oh no.
Ryo, be careful!
I will!
Sir?
When will you find Sakata?
I'm sorry.
We'll all keep searching,
including the possibility he left Shinjo.
Sakata is in Shinjo.
There is no way he's left.
Right.
- He'll be furious.
- Good morning.
Especially when he finds out
his daughter is being kept alive
for your own pleasure.
I'll find him at all costs.
You do that.
SHINJO POLICE
- See you tomorrow.
- See you.
I'm home.
Why's that open?
No way.
It's been ages, Mr. Sakata.
I ended up working at a police substation.
It's a long story.
So it's not as easy to provide you
with information like I used to.
But take a look at this.
See him? That's Shinozuka,
the guy you killed at the hospital.
I worked directly under him.
He often took me out for drinks
and stuff back then.
He treated me well.
He was all revved up when he was young,
saying he'd protect the people.
We were both like that.
Look at her.
This was his wife.
Hiromi.
She was classy and modest.
Way too good for him.
Don't be so nosy.
According to Hiromi,
Shinozuka occasionally snuck out
of the house in the middle of the night.
She said, "I bet he's cheating."
So I hired a detective to tail him.
I was like, "We can be together
once we get the evidence."
Okay, watch this part carefully.
I'm scared.
I'm begging you. Please don't!
Bang.
Let me go!
Then there's this.
Shinozuka gave it to me a few days later.
Any guesses?
Hiromi's finger.
He said, "Hands off my wife."
Then gave me this.
I couldn't believe it.
Look at it.
The nail polish is peeling.
That detective also went missing.
The guy who got shot
was the CEO of the security company
that handled most of the public facilities
in this area back then.
After he was killed,
no one batted an eyelash
when Shinjo Security
took over security for Mahoroba.
Stop right there!
Hey, stop! Wait!
Who on earth are you?
We have money to spare.
No need for violence.
What have you done?
What do you mean?
Ryo...
what did you do to her?
Get off me, asshole!
Huh?
Dad!
Ryo.
Ryo, are you all right?
Are you all right?
You ran amok at the hospital
and the disposal plant.
Then you stormed that building alone
and got hit by an arrow.
You're insane.
Don't hurt my daddy!
Hang in there.
I'm gonna pull it out.
Ready?
One, two, three!
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
I won't let you die.
I owe you my life after all.
It's my turn to save yours.
Now to apply pressure.
An unknown number?
Hello?
Officer Yoshifumi Takigawa.
Who's this?
I heard you used to work under Shinozuka.
That's right.
Put Sakata on.
It's for you.
How was it seeing your daughter
after so long?
She has grown up, hasn't she?
If you ever want to see her alive again...
come to Mahoroba.
I'll be waiting.
You're in no shape to move.
Wait. You're gonna drive?
Whoa!
No, don't.
This is a bad idea.
Whoa.
You've been living here?
Delta One, one car.
Shoot him!
Fucking die!
You had to come back from the dead?
Just when Ryo's body started to blossom.
Curves in all the right places.
Goddammit!
You pain in the ass!
Ryo is... mine.
She's mine.
I raised her.
Ryo!
Ryo.
Don't you recognize me?
Daddy is...
So we meet again,
Sakata.
This place has long been known
as The City of Demonic Possession.
There's a demon in Shinjo.
You learn that at school?
No?
I see.
Glossing over our local legends
is a terrible idea.
I must give the Board of Education
a stern lecture.
Nevertheless,
I may speak of demons,
but I've never actually seen one myself.
I'd like to, at least once.
But somehow...
you don't quite look like a demon yet.
Please.
Don't do it.
Now, Sakata...
become the demon you are.
Ryo!
Ryo, run!
Run!
Come on!
Does it hurt?
Poor thing.
Ryu,
this is your twin brother,
Jin.
You must always support each other,
come what may.
Whoa!
This is crazy.
They're all dead.
All right, let's go.
Daddy...
Huh? Where are you going?
You're on your own.
They say there's a demon here in Shinjo.
Word is, it possesses someone in this city
once every 50 years,
and they go on a killing spree.
We must protect this city from that demon.
Now, then.
Time to slay the demon.
So...
you really are...
You're...
the demon of Shinjo!
Ryo!
What a relief.
Are you okay?
What's wrong?
Ryo,
what is it?
This isn't right.
What isn't right?
You...
You killed my mom.
Ryo!
I'm your father. I'd never...
Daddy.
Daddy, don't die on me!
Ryo...
your mom...
I couldn't protect her.
Forgive me.
You're all grown up now.
You've grown up.
Daddy, don't die on me!
Daddy!
No.
Don't die.
Daddy!
Please wait right here.
ONE YEAR LATER
Mr. Mayor, congratulations
on your decisive reelection win.
I'd like to thank the people of this city.
Last year, there was
a string of unfortunate events.
I, too, felt deeply responsible.
But I heard that you confronted the killer
despite you yourself
sustaining serious injuries.
That's right.
Perhaps it was my martial arts training.
I didn't think twice.
I just...
Mahoroba is finally going to open
after all the delays.
Yes. People from around the world
are gathering in Shinjo City.
This town will be Japan's pride and joy.
That was the dearest wish
of all our city's stakeholders
who died
in that horrific series of events.
Subtitle translation by: Jason Franzman